What is your refund policy? Decide this isn't for you? You'll have up to 7 days to file for contract cancellation and receive a full refund minus processing fees (2.9%), no questions asked. This is provided you haven't made physical modifications to your plot.

What is the Minute Scout program? Want to earn free land from Minute? Help us scout new properties to add to our inventory, take pictures, and keep track of our existing spaces. Learn more by clicking on the "Scout" tab in the header.

What if Minute goes bankrupt or closes its doors? We don't envision this happening in the foreseeable future, but we do have backup protections baked into our land usage licenses. Should we close, we'll provide ample notice and provide you the option to purchase the underlying property at a fair market value. Thus, you have the opportunity to hang onto the land forever with your purchase.

What am I allowed to do on my land? You're allowed to use your land for any lawful purpose within the confines of the county and state it lies within. Build, camp, dwell. 

How will I know what area is mine? We'll provide you a set of accurate coordinates that define the boundaries of your space. You'll also be able to easily open these in Google Maps. Smartphone GPS has become increasingly accurate and will more than get the job done for determining your boundaries

How do property taxes and other fees work? At checkout, you'll add a contribution to the parcel's property taxes, HOA fees, and other associated fees. Usually, this runs less than $10 and is a one time payment. We'll automatically pay the property taxes and fees for years to come.

How do I find my property? You can import your plot's corners into Google Maps to locate your plot in real life. 

Is this a real estate company? Since we do not enable transactions involving a title or deed, we're not considered a brokerage or real estate business. We are not required to have a license, meaning transactions process instantly with no slow county interaction.

Can I sell my land? Yes. The Minute Marketplace allows you to sell your property to other users on the platform with ease. You're also able to transfer the contract to a non-Minute user, meaning you can sell off-site.

Can I list my deeded property on Minute? This is something that we are looking into. Parcels that sell on Minute can earn far over market value, and we'd love to open this opportunity to the public. Please reach out for more information.

Can I Airbnb/rent out my space? You're allowed to use your property for any lawful purpose. Yes, you can rent out your space.

Do I really own the land? Yes and no. Minute utilizes a modified land usage license to legally allow you unlimited access to our land. You own the contract, you own the space. We can't simply void your contract either—it's solidified for your consumer protection. Should we be unable to maintain the contract in the future, you can still own the land. Many in the industry have considered this to be quite similar to traditional deed ownership.
